Add documentation for how to enable discussion in Plone 6.1 (#1666)
plone/documentation: docs/backend/upgrading/version-specific-migration/upgrade-to-61.md

Then your project or add-on will keep working in both Plone 6.0 and 6.1.

The goal of turning more of the current core packages into core add-ons is to make the core smaller, and in some cases solve circular dependencies.

(backend-upgrade-plone-v61-discussion-label)=

## Discussion is disabled by default

Discussion is a feature that allows your site visitors to comment on web pages for any content object.
Discussion is disabled by default in Plone 6.1 and later.
To enable discussion, you need to perform the following tasks.

> % Please add sufficient details for how to do this task, then delete this comment.
> % Also consider that there might be different approaches between Classic UI and Volto that need to be mentioned.
> 
> 1.  Install the core add-on `plone.app.discussion`.
> 1.  Enable add-on.
> 1.  🍻

Reviewer: ```suggestion
% Please add sufficient details for how to do this task, then delete this comment.
% Also consider that there might be different approaches between Classic UI and Volto that need to be mentioned.

1. In your Python `requirements.txt` file (or `pyproject.toml`) depend on the core add-on `plone.app.discussion`, re-run Pip and restart the Plone backend. 
   If you already depend on the Python package `Plone` this step can be omitted)
1.  Enable the add-on in the Plone control-panel.
1.  🍻
```

Author: I made revisions to your suggestion. Please review updates. Thank you!
